README.md, before:

# Rimu Markup for Go

_go-rimu_ is a port of the [Rimu Markup
language](http://rimumarkup.org) written in the Go language.


## Features
Functionally identical to the [JavaScript
implementation](https://github.com/srackham/rimu) version 11.1.0 with
the following exceptions:

  * Does not support deprecated _Expression macro values_.
  * Does not support deprecated _Imported Layouts_.
  * Because the Go `regexp` package uses RE2 regular expressions there are
    [some limitations](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#regular-expressions)
    on the regular expressions used in Replacements definitions and
    Inclusion/Exclusion macro invocations.


## Installation
**NOTE**: Requires Go 1.11 or better.

Download, build, test and install:

    git clone git@github.com:srackham/go-rimu.git
    cd go-rimu
    make


## Using the go-rimu library
Example usage:

``` go
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/srackham/go-rimu/v11/rimu"
)

func main() {
    // Prints "<p><em>Hello Rimu</em>!</p>"
    fmt.Println(rimu.Render("*Hello Rimu*!", rimu.RenderOptions{}))
}
```

See Rimu
[API documentation](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#api).


## Rimu compiler command
The executable is named `rimugo` and is functionally identical to the
[JavaScript rimuc](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#rimuc-command)
command.


## Learn more
Read the [documentation](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html) and
experiment with Rimu in the [Rimu
Playground](http://srackham.github.io/rimu/rimuplayground.html).

See the Rimu [Change
Log](http://srackham.github.io/rimu/changelog.html) for the latest
changes.


## Implementation
- The largely one-to-one correspondence between the canonical
  [TypeScript code](https://github.com/srackham/rimu) and the Go code
  eased porting and debugging.  This will also make it easier to
  cross-port new features and bug-fixes.

- All Rimu implementations share the same JSON driven test suites
  comprising over 300 compatibility checks.

Commit message:

docs: Update example for v11 semantic import path.

README.md, after:

# Rimu Markup for Go

_go-rimu_ is a port of the [Rimu Markup
language](http://rimumarkup.org) written in the Go language.


## Features
Functionally identical to the [JavaScript
implementation](https://github.com/srackham/rimu) version 11.1.0 with
the following exceptions:

  * Does not support deprecated _Expression macro values_.
  * Does not support deprecated _Imported Layouts_.
  * Because the Go `regexp` package uses RE2 regular expressions there are
    [some limitations](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#regular-expressions)
    on the regular expressions used in Replacements definitions and
    Inclusion/Exclusion macro invocations.


## Installation
**NOTE**: Requires Go 1.11 or better.

Download, build, test and install:

    git clone git@github.com:srackham/go-rimu.git
    cd go-rimu
    make


## Using the go-rimu library
Example usage:

``` go
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/srackham/go-rimu/v11/rimu"
)

func main() {
    // Prints "<p><em>Hello Rimu</em>!</p>"
    fmt.Println(rimu.Render("*Hello Rimu*!", rimu.RenderOptions{}))
}
```
To compile and run this simple application:

1. Copy the code above to a file named `hello-rimu.go` and put it in an empty
   directory.
2.  Change to the directory and run the following Go commands:

        go mod init example.com/hello-rimu
        go run hello-rimu.go

**NOTE**: Requires Go 1.11 or better.

See also Rimu
[API documentation](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#api).


## Rimu compiler command
The executable is named `rimugo` and is functionally identical to the
[JavaScript rimuc](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html#rimuc-command)
command.


## Learn more
Read the [documentation](http://rimumarkup.org/reference.html) and
experiment with Rimu in the [Rimu
Playground](http://srackham.github.io/rimu/rimuplayground.html).

See the Rimu [Change
Log](http://srackham.github.io/rimu/changelog.html) for the latest
changes.


## Implementation
- The largely one-to-one correspondence between the canonical
  [TypeScript code](https://github.com/srackham/rimu) and the Go code
  eased porting and debugging.  This will also make it easier to
  cross-port new features and bug-fixes.

- All Rimu implementations share the same JSON driven test suites
  comprising over 300 compatibility checks.
